So,
so,
Let's see if we can get this going correctly here.
I apologize for that.
I think this is a really neat interview because they talk about some stuff that I didn't expect them to talk about.
Remember when I said before in the beginning that we talked about only the doses and the batches and so now Sasha is coming back with a new addition to her COVID story.
Hello world and welcome to the Shannon Joy Show.
We're broadcasting from the Joy Virtual Studio right here in the beautiful Finger Lakes region of New York State.
It is so good to be with all of you tonight in the Joy Virtual Studio.
We welcome once again, good friend at the Shannon Joy Show.
Sasha, a lot of Pova.
She is an amazing researcher, whistleblower and freedom fighter in this battle for medical freedom in the 21st century.
You can find her on Twitter.
Her handle is at Sasha, underscore a lot of Pova, L-A-T-Y-P-O-V-A.
She features most of her work and her updates on her sub-stack, which is due diligence and art.
You can see some of her beautiful artwork right behind her in the studio.
Sasha, welcome to the program.
I'm so glad you're here.
Hi Shannon.
It's so great to be here.
Thank you for inviting me.
Absolutely.
Can you tell us a little bit about the artwork behind you?
I can't stop looking at it.
It's beautiful.
I know that your sub-stack is so interesting.
You are an artist, also a whistleblower in these dystopian times.
Probably in retirement.
You came back out of retirement in order to fight for liberty for future generations.
But that is just beautiful.
Can you tell me about it a little bit?
This is what I was doing before 2020.
I retired from pharmaceutical industry.
I sold my companies.
I wanted to do art all my life.
I never had quite some time.
I actually took time and studied and went to Italy to study a little bit.
This piece is called The Kingdom of God.
That's called from the Bible.
I really love it.
I love it having it behind me.
It's sold, unfortunately.
We'll be leaving shortly.
It's just beautiful.
A lot of your artwork does have a faith theme of Judeo-Christianity.
I just think it's really amazing in these dark times, for sure.
It's important because the realist art and the type of artist that I want to follow is the Renaissance.
Post Renaissance Dutch realist school and Russian realist school.
It's about the truth.
The truth needs to be exposed.
The truth needs to be expressed in every art form that exists.
The visual art as well as written and spoken video.
This is what it's all about.
It's very beautiful.
We recently came back together.
You've been on the show a couple of times.
We were in contact last week.
People don't realize that Sasha did live right in the Rochester, New York area for many years.
I'm in Fairport, New York.
You lived in a neighboring town of Pittsburgh.
Do you still have relatives in New York state?
We were connected by a harrowing ordeal that Sasha went through with a relative in one of the area hospitals right here in Rochester, New York.
You think that the COVID protocols are over and they're not happening in Rochester.
Think again, Sasha and her family, they were eyewitness to this in Highland Hospital, which is a hospital under the umbrella of you are.
See, before we get to your story, we're going to hit a host of other issues as well.
Just to remind you guys, Sasha was a former research and development executive in the pharmaceutical industry.
She worked closely in late 2020, 2021 with Catherine Austin fits to locally to locate and analyze government contracts,
implicating the Department of Defense and Pentagon as the entities in charge of COVID lockdowns and the protocols as counter measures.
She has been a recent eyewitness amazingly to some of the things that you have spoken about and written about in terms of the hospital kill protocols in an incident with your relative.
Sasha now suspects that Department of Defense agents and operatives may actually be deployed in hospitals across the country.
To execute, maintain and study the practice of demo side, which is systematic government killing of its own people within the hospital settings.
Sasha, this is something that we have discussed the COVID-19 kill protocol that many have written about,
but you recently had the opportunity of witnessing it firsthand and witnessing exactly what they do to COVID-19 patients on those floors.
Through this absolutely harrowing ordeal that you went through recently with the family member right here in Rochester, New York.
Can you walk the audience through what happened and what you and your family members witnessed?
Yes. Well, one correction. Catherine, what Catherine Austin fits. I use my friend also, but on a different.
What? Yes. Yes. Yes. Sorry about that.
And Catherine, what also writes on sub stack and her sub stack is Bailey Wick News, very, very good thorough research.
So, yes, so what happened is I, one of my elderly relatives lives in Rochester, New York, and was admitted to Highland Hospital.
And we're not even sure because before that she tested she was sick.
She tested negative for COVID and she was admitted and put into COVID war.
So, I'm just going to interrupt here now here to say that we open this up by saying demiside and that the government is killing people using protocols.
Now, remember that Sasha came on the scene with different batches of the vaccine, which presumably is part of this demiside, I guess, because the vaccine is also a poison.
So, it's strange to me that if Sasha is going to come on your stream that you're not going to summarize all of the contributions that she's made from the beginning of the pandemic.
And it seemed to me that the possibility of placebo doses and the possibility that her observation with Craig Particouper was validated by the paper and Denmark is something that you'd want to start with and then say, okay, and now you have this new revelation
that on top of this, now you just became aware that these protocols are terrible.
So, you didn't know that the protocols were terrible when you first came out when you came out in 2021 and you're only finding out about it now.
Wow, that must be really shocking for you.
But instead, we started the interview just right at the term demiside and how the COVID-19 protocols are being used.
And then they say recently, Sasha had a harrowing ordeal with a family member here in Rochester, New York.
Now recently is when, I guess it's very recently like in the last couple weeks.
Now, I thought it said something in the, in the, in the, I'm going to just escape for a second because I thought it said something.
Oh, yeah, see the account of the remdesivir kill protocol. So let's see if we hear anything about remdesivir.
Oh, they're in her 80s. And so, but, so, but we were as a family, we were prepared when we were aware, obviously, what's going on because of my work and
so what I would like people to realize that these protocols are ongoing. And this is what you need to do to make sure that your loved ones don't get harmed by this.
So we were prepared. We had executed health proxy power journey for one of the family members.
When, when admitting to the Highland hospital, even though they put her in the COVID ward, we specifically requested and she requested and also, you know, we as relatives requested that there will be no remdesivir given to her.
And put that in the chart. So had a discussion with several people there, they tried to push for remdesivir. We said, no, absolutely no and put it in the chart.
And so admitted her and then, then we started witnessing what's going on. Again, we were going in visiting her every day and not many people do that because they're afraid of COVID.
And I tell you, there's nothing to be afraid. They tried to, first thing they tried to do is by driving the sphere, they tried to isolate your loved one in the hospital and tell you it's a terrible, terrible virus.
And you can't go in because, you know, you're going to get sick also. So we were going in every day, multiple times a day, so witnessing what's going on.
And so isolation, and then another thing they tried to do when they did, they refused to hydrate her. And as you know, hydration is number one, like your personal training, fitness code, sports or any activities, especially the elderly.
Hydration is number one, with any sort of flu respiratory viral illness. And another thing you need to do all the time is like drink fluids, make sure you're you're hydrating yourself, make sure you expel and all the toxins that are in you.
They refused to hydrate her. They explained to me how they refuse to hydrate her. They, in what, what ways they denied her basic water.
So they even denied her apple juice. They said that they were out of apple juice.
Their relatives was visiting her had to go to segments and buy apple juice for her. The hospital was out of apple juice, we were told.
And then, then they sent, then they sent a family relationship representative to talk to them to explain that the hospital is not treating dehydration.
The hospital is not treating her other conditions that she has as an elderly person or immune condition that she has blood pressure problems.
They, they were coming in and saying, no, we don't treat those things. We don't treat dehydration in this hospital. We only focus on COVID. That was the exact narrative that we were told.
That is unbelievable. Yeah, obviously they have, they have a protocol. They know that the family is going to be concerned that their loved one is being dehydrated.
And they have this whole narrative to come in and tell you the gaslight, you into, oh, we're so caring about COVID that all these other things we don't worry about.
You know, how does the other things that will kill you on the COVID war? Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Because you need food, you need water, you need sustenance, you need vitamins, you need minerals, and these are all denied an exclusion of a very specific approach.
COVID protocol. Before we continue with your story, are the COVID protocols to your knowledge still bringing in cash for hospitals? I know that during COVID-19, if you admitted to COVID patient, if they were diagnosed with COVID, if they went on a ventilator, if they were given remdesivir, remdesivir than the hospital would receive money from either the state or the federal government through one of the various acts,
maybe it's CARES Act or subsequent acts that emergency orders that were put through.
Do you know if that's still happening today if these hospitals are still financially benefiting from these protocols?
So I was specifically checking on that. That's correct. So there are huge incense monitoring centers were put in since 2020, especially.
So the ventilator would be something like to put something somebody on ventilator would be something like $40,000.
If the hospital used remdesivir, all of the bill, which could have been over $100,000, and in California, up to $500,000, depending on how long that person stayed in the hospital.
If they use remdesivir, there would be a 20% bonus on all of the billing, including personal bonuses to the staff.
It's a strange thing.
It's a strange thing for Sasha La Topova to come forward about now, and I guess it's because she just had a recent experience with somebody.
But I think we're going to hear that remdesivir wasn't involved because very early on in this person's experience, they already put it on the chart.
No remdesivir.
So I get that they're not treating people nicely, that they're treating people poorly in the hospitals, but they've been doing this for three years.
People have been complaining about this for a couple years now.
And so it seems really strange to me, there's a whole group of people on Facebook that got canceled
trying to get their story heard of their relatives being killed by remdesivir.
Why not interview one of them?
Why not interview one of them every night?
Why interview Sasha La Topova, who I'm not sure, did she lose someone yet?
Or are we just talking about mistreatment still?
Of course, of course, it's a huge financial incentive.
And I talked specifically to my friends and the attorneys who were persecuting these who were like working on hospital murder cases right now.
And they said it's expiring in September, this 20% kicker is expiring in September, but this was happening in August.
So you could see how if you were to be very cynical, you could see how a hospital staff or an executive board would really want to, you know, get as many bonuses and incentives in place before this expires in September.
And so that would, it could explain. That's just sickening. It's sickening.
And you watched it play out. I'm sorry. I didn't mean I wanted to just establish that quickly as we're going through because tonight, everyone, Sasha is explaining exactly how these kill protocols are rolled out in hospitals.
This happened at Highland Hospital under the umbrella of you are MC right in my own backyard of Rochester, New York, which is astounding that, you know, it worked out this way.
So first they isolate the patient from their family and they typically use fear.
Right. You don't want to get COVID. You could die from COVID. There's an uptick. Right. And so the family members don't come in and check up on the, on the patient.
Because they're afraid in the early days of 2021 they wouldn't let family members in, but now they just have to scare them out.
Then they refuse to hydrate. Then they bring in what you call the family relationship counselor that comes in and explains to you.
And in a very gaslighting kind of way, why they can't give your loved one food or water or nutrients or basic health or even treat the conditions that they had in the first place.
They need to deal exclusively. It's super fishy that somebody like Shannon law, Shannon Joy, who's had Robert Malone on her stream, like three times or four times.
And it has lots of dissidents and ulterior opinions on here multiple times is having someone like Sasha Lata Pova on her stream, who she admits has been on many times before.
Now on to talk about the protocols.
I mean, you already had her on a few times. Maybe you should give the mic to somebody else like who actually lost a husband or a child or a mom.
To remdesivir to the protocols, rather than Sasha Lata Pova, who's not going to make a real effort to summarize the whole thing.
But now just going to talk about protocols with a smile on her face. I'm not really convinced she lost anybody. I don't think the person died.
I think they were just mistreated and almost died from these COVID kill protocols with COVID-19 witches, as you know, run death is near.
And then the ventilator, which typically and that's what they call remdesivir cynically in the hospitals that because so many people die from it.
So they send in the family relationship counselor, which is where we left off with you to to gaslight the family into allowing them to deny basic care correct.
And they would also not fill her other medication. So she obviously is an elderly. Everybody has some kind of a condition. She has an autoimmune condition, which has a very low blood pressure.
So she needs a medication that increases blood pressure, even though it was ordered in the hospital, they would not fill it for several days.
And they don't allow you to bring your outside meds.
So they would, and that's again, like if she doesn't have that medication, she can pass out. She can pass out on the ship, break a hip, fall down. Obviously, that's what they were trying to do. They were trying to make her worse.
Unbelievable. Unbelievable, but she's alive.
But they almost killed her. Mark, I bet you know a lot of people who are almost killed, huh? Almost killed. They're almost dead.
Lots of people are almost dead, but I'd really like to talk about for once the people who are dead.
That's what I'd like to talk about. Not the people who got COVID really early and it was super bad.
I want to talk about the people who are dead and what killed them.
Nobody ever seems to want to talk about what killed them.
I don't really get it. I don't get it. I don't understand. I don't know what's going on here.
But something is fishy about there being perhaps a hundred thousand people or more that you could have talked to that have genuinely lost people rather than somebody who almost lost somebody recently.
That you've had on your stream a few times already about stuff that's completely different and actually still relevant.
I mean, we're not even going to get an update on the batch story. Like, you know, you don't want to first update your on your first worldwide crazy story.
That's such a lot of Pova broke, but we're going to move right on to the protocols, which we could have talked about three years ago.
Are we going to talk about that? That's that's a that's a huge.
Are we going to now at some point stop and say, wait a minute, Sasha? Do you think that they've been doing this since the beginning?
I mean, what does that mean, Sasha? Does that mean that all the people that died? We're going to have to recalculate how many people died?
Is is Shannon Joy going to come to that question or not?
I don't know. I'm doubtful.
She is.
I witnessed her family's eyewitness to these disastrous devastating horrific murderous COVID-19 killed protocols that are rolled out across hospitals across the United States of America and handsomely incentivized with federal funding.
It's a tragic story. Luckily, Sasha, your relative, your loved one has pulled through. You were able to get her out and she is on the mend at home, but there's more to the story.
We come back. We're going to continue this so that you guys understand exactly what you could potentially be in for, especially as we have the new variants released.
We have the government talking about lockdowns and masking and and it's almost as if that's COVID-19 2.0, but we're going to continue this discussion with Sasha in a moment.
I'm Shannon Joy show.
Welcome back everyone to the Shannon Joy show. If there's anything that I'm sorry, it seems to not go into the hospital. It seems like it seems like there's some people in the chat that are confused about something.
The transfection is killing people without COVID. I mean, there are some people who get sick from COVID again, and I'm sure there's some antibody, dependent enhancement and whatever, but I don't think there's a lot of circulating anything.
And I think the transfection is causing all kinds of different autoimmune reactions and it's probably causing clotting problems in most people because again, you're repeatedly transfecting your, your endothelial cells.
I'm sure there's an increase in all cause mortality. Now I'm sure it's caused by the transfection and I'm sure it's caused by an almost endless list of possibilities.
It probably also includes protein misfolding and amyloidogenesis or amyloidosis and it probably also includes some rare cases of prion disease because you're transfecting people with with codon optimized chemically altered mRNA that's at different
properties depending on which batch you get. So sure, of course there's all cause mortality now that's increased over baseline. That's exactly what Denny Rancor shows and it correlates with boosters, even better than it did with the first two shots.
What are you whining about that? I'm not blaming that all cause mortality on the spike protein specifically, but I'm blaming it on all of it.
The transfection in its entirety and everything that comes along with it, the good batches, the bad batches, the high quality, the low quality, the stuff that was cold, the stuff that wasn't, the lipid nanoparticles that were small, the ones that weren't, the ones that were positive when they were should be or negative when they weren't.
All of that.
It's absurd to think that you aren't admitting that you were responsible or anybody that was responsible for starting this narrative because people were.
There were people, biologists, doctors, teachers, lawyers that were saying that we shouldn't do what we did in 2020. It doesn't make sense.
Well, Wolfgang Woda and Mr. Sparkle Mike Eden.
And so those people are heroes and people who were talking about a billion dead are part of the problem. That's the truth. You got to live with it.
This is why so many people are going to the wellness company to get a second opinion to get early care for COVID-19 and a host of other issues people do not trust the hospital system.
They want to stay out of the hospital system. Frankly, they want to stay away from their own medical doctors because they don't trust them anymore.
This is where the wellness company comes in. Our good friend, Dr. Peter McCullough. He's a chief executive or he is the chief scientific officer over at the wellness company. This is why we trust their doctors.
We trust their nurses. We trust their, their nurse practitioners and the host of supplies.
So you can see it in the chat now again. If you care to look, here's Commander McCoon saying, how did Australia have reduced all cause mortality during the VAX administration?
He won't consider the possibility that they lied about the batches in Australia, that they lied about the deaths in Australia.
And he's assuming that they shut down and that they stopped a viral spread. So Commander McCoon is perpetuating the narrative of the faith, which is that there was a novel virus.
We had to do something like make masks. The RNA could have worked, but we chose the wrong protein. And because it was gained a function, a virus could come again.
So Commander McCoon is just like all the other people on that screen where we looked at back there, where they believe that something's going to come again because they make these things.
And so if you want to listen to a person who's not willing to look into the biology far enough to realize that an RNA virus can't do that, and only an infectious clone could, I don't know what to tell you.
But he's spending almost all of his time over the last three years following me and trying to make me trip up, and he's still here now in my chat.
It should tell you a lot about where we are and what we've been up to and how close we are to the truth.
We have full time dedicated trolls that are more than 18 years old that have a full time job of doing this.
The issue of not feeling her other medications is important. They also were.
Now they're talking about not filling the ladies medication. So again, we're still not talking about a dead person.
But we're dragging on the idea that people who go to the hospital with COVID get treated poorly.
Even when they have all kinds of smart people advocating for them, they get treated poorly.
Is that news to anybody? Is anybody surprised that people that go into the hospital with COVID get treated poorly or get get treated incorrectly?
And is it any surprise then that that we're having, why are we having her talk about it if she actually didn't lose anybody?
What is going on here?
What is this about?
Once you start to think carefully about what this is about, Sasha Latipova did a substack two days ago where she dunked on George Webb.
Now she did make a lot of fun of George Webb and it seemed pretty harsh to make so much fun of George Webb.
But on the other hand, you could just ignore George Webb.
Just like Robert Malone could ignore George Webb.
And it's weird that Sasha Latipova writes a whole substack about George Webb without ever mentioning that Mark and I have completely dismissed George Webb and Paul Catrell as two guys that almost certainly must be weirdos, medlers in this whole thing.
Because George Webb didn't get on 60 minutes because he's a real alternative reporter down in the mud.
And Robert Malone didn't share on his substack no less than two times the link to that 60 minutes promoting George Webb for nothing.
Because if Robert Malone didn't want you to know about George Webb then he wouldn't have shared those links twice.
And if Sasha Latipova wanted George Webb to go away or really wanted to dunk on George Webb she can't say that she's not aware that we just did it a few weeks ago.
And that we did it to his face. We did it with the protocols about the protocols.
It was about the protocols that George Webb blocked us.
Because we said that him and Paul Catrell and Kevin McCarron and all the people that were in the darkest corners of the internet talking with certainty about how this was going to be a worst case scenario.
It was a red dragon event.
These people are responsible for seeding the fear that made the lockdowns possible, the masks possible, the school shutdowns possible, the anger possible.
The fear that got us all the way to the spring where we were injecting old people with something.
And they're all responsible for it because they shouldn't have been as certain as they were and either they were really dumb or somebody gave them reason to be certain.
And it's very easy to understand how that would happen. One phone call just don't talk about this.
You know, hey, talk about the fear and cleavage site.
How the heck did those people know about the fear and cleavage sites so early and none of them were virologists?
How did the author of this book know about the fear and cleavage site in February of 2020 when he's just a pathologist and a guy who wrote a book about autism?
How was he able to look at the sequence of the spike protein and know to write a blog about the spike protein and its fear and cleavage site in February of 2020?
Earlier than Dan Saratkin wrote his Harvard to the big house blog so early that he was cited at it.
How did this guy know that?
How did Paul Catrell know that the spike protein would have affinity for CD147 before anybody else on the planet?
Those are the questions that we were asking and saying that if those people had reason to have some Taiwanese lady on their stream and say in February that Remdesivir was the only thing that was working.
That's a little strange and maybe these people were seeding a narrative that then was acted upon and enacted and they helped it be so that even in the darkest corners of the Internet, people were on narrative.
People were saying the right things, the rumors that they needed to be there were present in February of 2020.
And if George Webb is working with Paul Catrell and still working with Paul Catrell and working with Addy Ads before the pandemic, and then now Paul Catrell and Addy Ads call Kevin McCarron and myself to be on stream,
what are the odds that Kevin McCarron and I and Paul Catrell and Addy Ads are all coming together by chance for five streams in a row?
What are the odds?
What are the odds that the two guys on that stream are that are knowing anything?
One of them is posing as a doctor but it's actually got a PhD in finance and the other one is a neurobiologist who happened to have a connection with a Pitt faculty member named, I can't remember his name at the top of my head, it doesn't matter.
He had worked with in California that now worked at Pitt.
It's a bunch of weird little connections. He also had one of the first cases in Japan because he got sick in Korea.
This whole thing is connected because now she writes a blog about George Webb.
She gets on here about the protocols.
Her main story is really the batches but now when you get on here we don't even update the batches, it's like the batch story never happened.
Isn't the batch story potentially still happening?
Isn't it possible that there are still hot batches and not hot batches now?
Wouldn't you at least want to ask about that instead of spending the whole time talking about the fact that she couldn't get apple juice?
Unless we're still seeding and co-opting the narrative.
We wouldn't want to bring in a victim or two.
We wouldn't want to bring in the families of people that have actually lost people to Remdesivir over the last three years because that might be a more relevant thing to an eyewitness account of the Remdesivir kill protocol in US hospitals which clearly this is not
if the relative didn't die.
What's going on here?
This is an eyewitness account of the Remdesivir kill protocols.
Why aren't we hearing it?
But instead it's this little tiny closed ecosystem of people.
And the walk is so very, very tiny.
Because Robert Malone has been on Shannon Joy several times.
She is on here several times.
Robert Malone has promoted George Webb several times.
Sasha Latopova has written a whole sub stack about George Webb just recently.
And yet Mark and I have had a run in with George Webb that resulted in him swearing at Mark and blocking us both for saying that he might be responsible for something.
When anybody that was saying it's a worst case scenario bio, bio terrorist attack that's spreading around the world in 2020 was kind of responsible for seeding some fear that turned it out to be unfounded.
And given the fact that the transfection is actually the real danger anybody that scared people enough so that they considered the possibility that a gain of function virus might be worse than a then a transfection is responsible.
And so anybody that was saying there's going to be 10 billion or a 1 billion people dead and that we should make masks because this is really a virus you don't want to get because it's novel and you don't know what it'll do to you.
Because your T cells to the RNA dependent RNA polymerase of other coronaviruses are useless for this one.
I see a I see a problem here, because we should have started talking about the batches by now.
And if we're going to get to all the way to the end of this interview without her talking about the batches that is a huge red flag.
Because the batches are still going on what about the boosters are we are we worried about the batches in the boosters Sasha, because that's your expertise.
And that gaslighting and saying, you know, well, our guideline is that the blood pressure must be at this level. And we're like, we know, you know, this is the person who has been treated for this condition.
This is what her doctor prescribed and you were telling me, you know, you know, this is our guidelines and like her care is only up to our guidelines.
Oh, no, you know, the EPIC system, which is the system that they use to put all the electronic medical records and the EPIC system is not allowing us to fill this medication, which is nonsense again.
She's been, you know, in this system for a long time. She had these medications. These are the medications were prescribed by her physician again.
And anybody can anybody anybody any prescribing physician can override EPIC system. It has, you know, they have that capacity. Anyway, so that's not a gaslighting tactic they were telling her.
So, and then the most important thing why I think this is a separate. So, and I know legally it is a separate part of health care. It's not actually health care. It's countermeasure.
COVID exercise is a countermeasure. And it's, it's very, very evil in sinister how they've done it.
So I know that this particular ward and and I know this practice is practiced all over the country in these key hospitals, key hospital systems that designate these COVID words.
These COVID words are separate managed separately funded separately. And the staffing is specific to that COVID ward. And what was very sinister is nobody would give their names, their full names.
They refused, even though we were trying to get their full names, the personnel, the nurses.
Okay. So now this is where I think it gets important. And I think it gets very good because the the accusation that now I think is coming out and will come out in the next five minutes.
Is that there are certain hospitals in certain cities that have COVID special COVID wards that are manned by people other than the people of that hospital.
And they may be associated with the Department of Defense in some way or Homeland Security.
And so not every hospital has one of these COVID wards with like special people working there.
But apparently there was one where her relative was. Now, this is the case.
Then it would make a little more sense why we're talking to Sasha.
Because maybe she has a greater insight into how.
How aberrant the treatment was here and how aberrant the.
Let's say set up of the staffing and the setup of the manning of this particular part of the hospital was.
So I think we should listen to this part very carefully because if she describes it sufficiently, it should be something that we can look for around the United States and identify places where this is occurring.
I mean, doctors must also be aware that there's this wing in a hospital where people are just doing other stuff or they don't have their name tags on or we don't know them.
So if they're not given their names or they're not wearing a badge that says their full name and that's what she seems to be saying.
Then we should be able to find these COVID wards in places and get people in there to make photographs or something to document that this is going on.
This is a huge, huge accusation here that if it's true, would blow the lid off of this thing.
Because then the government role in increasing the appearance of a pandemic and the dangerousness of it would become apparent.
So this would be important for everybody. And in theory, any hospital could have this COVID ward and staffing like this and just be apparently unaware of it.
And so we need to spread this message if this is true. Listen carefully.
Would refuse to give their names. And on their badges, there were only first names, not last names.
And oftentimes it was, they wore them or they would put stickers in them such that you can't even read that.
And.
Sasha, isn't it law? Isn't it state or federal? I'm not sure what it is, but don't most laws and most states require that anyone providing medical care or anyone in that official capacity of nurse or medical doctor.
Or you know, you know, in the hospital that they provide their credentials that they are credentialed and people can know who they are so that if God forbid they get bad care, they can, they can report it or they can.
I would have made a photograph of these IDs.
You know, like.
Again, I'm not, I'm not convinced that Sasha was in the hospital, although she's speaking as though she was.
I think she's relaying a second hand account of somebody else telling her that the people weren't identifying themselves. I don't know. But so far from the story, I don't pick up that this is her experience.
Isn't that, isn't that just standard protocol? Absolutely. It's, it's, it's, it's absolutely the law.
As far as I know that, you know, anybody who has provided care and build your insurance for that is supposed to provide their full name and their credentials and their license number. And in any case, even if they.
So I started looking up their various articles now online saying, Oh, no, nurse is requested to not put their full names on badges because for their safety. And that's like, okay, well, it's interesting.
However, maybe that's the case on their badges. But if you point blank refuse, like if you ask them, I need the name of the provider.
And, you know, and they refuse that's I find it extremely strange. Yeah.
So, so they refuse to give the names. I think these people are separately assigned federally funded for this particular exercise because all of this is going under a bar.
And DOD funded Colvin countermeasures.
Can we, can we remind the audience of what you found? So this is really building on the body of research that you began to compile a little over a year ago.
It's different though. I really, I really caution you to not get sucked into the generalities here.
Because her and Catherine Watt uncovered the paperwork that shows that the Department of Defense was involved in the contracting of the production of the vaccines. There's no doubt about it.
And so it was the production of the countermeasures and their production by the DOD that grants them the their place under the prep act to begin with the prep act being in play and emergency being declared by HHS.
Kind of conscript the military in automatically and the DOD makes countermeasures. So these were countermeasures. That's what they chose to do. That's what they did. Barda may be involved.
But the idea of that bureaucracy being responsible for orchestrating the distribution and everything is very different than having a military staffed anonymous.
Anonymous COVID ward in a hospital because that's a big deal. That's very different than, you know, saying that how the, how the COVID response worked involved the military and HHS and, and the prep act. I think we know that.
And I think it's important to find out exactly who was involved and how it happened and where it was screwed up and whatever.
But now she told us two stories here. She told us a story about people in a hospital who were wearing badges that were covered up in a ward of the hospital where they were doing the remdesivir death protocol.
But her, her relative managed to get out alive despite getting in that death machine.
And so I'm still kind of confused what the message is here. But now we're pivoting back and we're going back to something else that isn't directly related to this, which is this bigger issue of we need to get rid of the prep act.
We need to get rid of the Vaccines Act from 1986 yada yada yada. Of course we do.
That's why everybody's talking about the who instead.
Because if we talk about the who we're not talking about the brass tax of just changing the American laws that allow the emergency to be declared in the first place.
Blowing the whistle on this idea. It wasn't Fauci or, or HHS or President Trump enforcing and rolling out these COVID-19 lockdown protocols, whether it's the lockdown, the masking, the distancing.
The treatment protocols coming from the CDC, you were able to identify and isolate government documentation, essentially establishing that all the responses to COVID-19 were coming out of the department of defense and the Pentagon.
This is a military operation.
That's that everything was, you know, it isn't a COVID-19 treatment protocol. It is a COVID-19 countermeasure, meaning we are at war.
We should be clear that the executive branch is the head of the military, right? So.
Donald Trump was commander in chief and now we're talking about Joe Biden being the commander in chief.
So although they keep saying military, military, military, what this really means is the executive branch and health and human services was directing the military via the commander in chief.
That's how you have to see it. That's where the buck stops. The buck is not going to stop at generals because the generals do what they're told.
And in fact, that's the reason why blaming the military is a little weird because the military is not something that spins out of control.
The military is a huge bureaucracy that's hard to maneuver within and everybody follows the rules because they know if they do, they're protected.
And I know this from talking to a lot of military people. I'm not a military person myself, so maybe Charles Rixi can correct me.
But it is not probably fair to blame the military for something when the military is ultimately under the command of the executive branch and certainly during a health emergency declared by HHS, which is part of the executive branch,
a military distribution of a countermeasure is definitely under the direction of the executive branch.
And so I think the precision of their language is a weird kind of precision where they keep repeating over and over again, the DoD and the Pentagon and the DoD and the Pentagon without ever mentioning that the DoD and the Pentagon don't generally do anything unless the chief of,
you know, the head and the HNIC says something.
So it's a strange kind of inaccuracy that's a red thread through all of this work from her and Catherine Watts, that I get it.
I know what you're trying to say, but you make all these charts and you show all these organizations that are connected to each other,
and you keep failing to admit or point out that above HHS is the president of the United States.
And they are battling. It's essentially in the scope of a war being waged.
And so anything that they do, this is why they could get away with having a completely separate wing that is staffed potentially by government officials, not the nurses that you think.
You know, are there. It's a whole different operation. Is that what you're trying to explain to the audience there?
Yeah. And even if those nurses have previously worked or are currently employed by Highland or UMC as real nurses with real credentials,
people need to understand that this is a quench. So that's the main lie that they do.
There's a hospital and hospital staffing, hospital procedures regulated by house laws in the state, regulated by federal.
So all of that is regular. Then the same people can be taken out and under military contract, they become military contractors.
Even if it's the same person going between the two floors, when they're on this floor, it's funded by the military contract and none of these regular rules apply.
They have immunity. Right. They have. I mean, yeah, there's a whole legal preparedness that has been done by FDA and HHS.
And I have all these letters that HHS sent it to healthcare providers of how to stay within the guidelines of the prep act, how to do everything so that you are completely absorbed.
Even if you're killing people, as long as you are reporting those kills within seven days, you are absorbed.
Oh, my words. Yeah.
Now you don't know this for sure. This is a strong suspicion at this point, correct?
Well, I know for sure these activities are funded. I have contracts that describe how these activities are funded and legal, legal memos, how these activities are funded.
I'm not saying that nurse Susie that was hiding her name on the floor is actually a military nurse.
No, she's probably a regular nurse found from a staffing agency and self selected into this because she has no moral compass.
But nurse Susie is funded by the Department of Defense. Therefore, she's Department of Defense staff. And the way the HHS legal preparedness letters are written is if you follow all these protocols and you funded under this structure.
It's basically like you are now a soldier, like a part time soldier, even if you're like in the side of place. And if you follow all these orders, like soldiers are supposed to, no matter who you kill or injure, you're absorbed of any responsibility.
So now I think it's now we're hearing what exactly she's formulating here. What she's saying is, is that these people have been absolved of medical malpractice as long as they follow the protocols that they are given.
And so because they're also being funded or they're getting money from the federal government, now it's starting to feel a little different.
So it's the one weird part I still have is the idea that they were covering their IDs and they weren't telling their names because if that could be corroborated, that feels like a pretty big red flag.
But it also could easily be one of those things that's here in the story, but we're not going over it anymore.
I mean, I would love to have one picture of this or one video of this where somebody is saying, but you can't tell me your name with a cell phone video or something.
It's a huge accusation. She's saying that there were a hole. There was a whole wing in this hospital where people were not telling their names and not giving their names.
And some of them even had their IDs covered. And it was in this part of the hospital that they were treating COVID or the death protocols were giving out.
It's a very big accusation then to come back around and just casually not talk about it anymore. Again, we have no dates.
We don't know how long ago this was. You know, if this was last week, we could go to the hospital right now and find out what room she was in and go to that ward and see if these people are really covering their IDs or not and then find out what's going on.
Do you see what I'm saying? This is a really big deal. If somebody told me that there was a ward at the UPMC hospital in Shadyside where there were people being treated for COVID, some with remdesivir and all the people that were working on that floor had their name tags covered and wouldn't tell you what their last name was, I'd go there with the camera right now.
It's a really big deal to say that because that is a significant ramping up from the hospital administrators are taking money from the government and also taking indemnity from the government.
And that's why they're doing these protocols because they're getting paid from the government. It's very different than saying that all the people in the ward are covering their name tags because they're all doing it together.
Do you see this? Do you see how clear this is and how important it is to see it for what it is? Because this is two people talking, creating this illusion of consensus by them. Oh, gosh. Yeah. Wow. Amazing. No way. I can't believe that.
And so you think you're listening to this privileged conversation and what they tell you seems plausible and you believe it because of the illusion of consensus they're creating by their agreement.
And they just agreed that isn't it crazy that these nurses aren't giving out their names that they're putting stickers over their names.
And it's because they all work for the government. They're taking money and they know they can do whatever they want because they're already absolved of any malpractice by the government.
That's a huge accusation.
It's different than saying doctors don't know what they're doing because they were scared in 2020. This is 2023.
If this is still going on now with people hiding their name tags, we need to storm that hospital.
But we don't even know how recently it happened. We don't even know if it was this month, last month or, or just after the new year.
That is utterly astounding. And one of the things that that that stood out to you in this experience was the callus.
I definitely believe there are hospital murders you silly people.
But the hospital murders in 2020 were caused by people being afraid by people being terrified by the news, the endless news, the stuff on the social media.
You know, people saying there might be a billion dead.
People sharing the video of Kyle Seidel and saying that obviously it's much worse than a flu.
People saying that stuff was spreading around the world when it wasn't spreading around the world, but something else was going on.
Some people were sick and a lot of people were killed by protocols that shouldn't have ever been done.
There's video of this, of me saying that people are being ventilated when they shouldn't be ventilated.
And maybe if we just treated them right, none of these people would be dying.
And in that same video, Kevin McCarran says that one billion people are going to die and maybe it's the worst case scenario. New York seems to be our best Petri dish right now.
But now we see from Jessica Hawkins data that there was never any spread in New York.
Just four weeks of bad protocols and no resuscitations.
And yet now you want to fight about particular details about the spike proteins toxicity or whether or not there's pre onogenic potential in it.
And whether or not somebody said one of those things first.
It's just a spectacular commitment to lies. That's all we are surrounded by.
And I'm afraid that what we're seeing here is some weird manifestation of the same thing, where the narrative is trying to be absorbed by players that are already in the cast.
Because again, as I said, it's very curious that we've been talking to such a lot to pull, and we didn't at least start with an update on the batches.
I mean, even Kevin McCarran can tell you the batches are something that he spent a lot of time on.
He spent many streams using a light microscope to debunk the possibility that there was any graphene in the shots.
He spent many streams using light microscopy and dried up vaccine to show that there was nothing in the shots that was dangerous.
He even mixed a vaccine with blood on his light microscope to show that I guess there was no clotting or something. I don't remember what he wanted to show there.
But then he did some other more more special specialized microscopy ramen spectrometry or something like that, where you could look at individual elements in the shot and show that there was no phosphorus.
And so he demonstrated that there were placebo batches, but then he's asking in the chat, how is it that there was no, there was no extra mortality in Australia when they rolled out the shot, but he's the one who streamed live showing that the vaccine didn't have phosphorus in it.
So maybe that's why there was no excess mortality in great numbers in Australia because they diluted half the shots. I don't know. It's a crime.
When you call 911, you don't have to have all the answers.
And I don't think that we have all the answers. I think we're still being led by our nose here because I don't think that this is a genuine attempt to account for what the protocols actually did here.
I think this is, this is there's something else going on here. I just don't get it.
Hold and calculating nature of the staff on the COVID-19 floor in Highland Hospital under the umbrella of URMC that it was, it didn't feel like a typical hospital care situation felt different to you guys.
Absolutely different because I mean, you know, we've gone to, and family members have gone to various hospitals. I live on the West Coast, even California hospitals where I think it's like the last place I would go.
But you know, some ER visits happened, ski injury and so forth.
None of this was, there was normal care. It was, you know, how you would expect and sometimes busy times and overloaded.
But everybody was, you know, like you would expect the healthcare environment to be. They cared about you. They were reasonably responsive.
Nobody tried to do anything untoward. This was a totally different universe. Totally different universe. This was a, like a, like a twilight zone.
Graphcast experience when they would come in and guess like you and say, we so care, we so care about your COVID that we're going to just do all this other really evil stuff.
You know, this is very, very concerning because we are moving now into another.
They hope lock down 2.0 scenario as new variants emerge.
We know that here in New York state, the quarantine camps governor, Hokel and New York state legislators are fighting like hell to keep those quarantine camps on the books.
And, you know, this leads, you know, me, you, Sasha, I had Ed Dowd on the program yesterday. He is below, like, ringing the alarm bells. This is not over.
This is not over, not by a long shot. We are right at the beginning of this. And if they're able to establish those, I mean, essentially what, what I'm seeing here, and we're going to talk about this more in the next, in the next segment.
But, you know, this looks to me as if they really want to keep this established government kill protocol going, and they want to continue to study it and deploy it, even though we're technically out of our cages.
We're not an emergency situation, but they want to make sure that the American people are acclimated to systemic killing in the hospital.
This is, this is, this is very reminiscent of the years prior to the erection of the concentration camps in the Holocaust that occurred in Germany in World War II.
I'm going to ask you about those similarities when we come back within the T4 action, because we know that they were systemically killing the elderly, the disabled, gypsies, homosexuals, minorities in German hospitals years before they ever began the practice
of, of, you know, genocide on the Jewish population. And this is why we need to be very concerned. We'll be back in a moment with Sasha Lotta Pova on the Shannon choice.
With a relative indeed were military operation in the fog of war. She is now able to explain to people exactly how they are doing this, and it is chilling. It is terrifying. Please follow Sasha Lotta Pova on Twitter.
Her handle is at Sasha underscore Lotta Pova, and make sure to follow her and support her on her sub stack due diligence and art, and maybe even buy some of her artwork because I know that you saw the artwork on your sub stack as well.
Sasha, this is very concerning.
This is very concerning. Most people think that these kill protocols have ended.
Yeah, I forgot to mention one thing that they did try to sneak in the rear.
Oh, my word.
When nobody was watching and that's another thing to be prepared for because had our relative was, you know, maybe a little bit not there or incoherent or just like they did this to a number of disabled people.
Even though we, as I said, we had power of attorney, we put the, we put on the chart explicitly, no room, we talked to them about no room, no room, there's a beer.
Then in the evening, another nurse shows up and says, Oh, we're here to start your emdesivir treatment.
At which point my relative was no, you know, like very, very forceful saying no.
And, but they did try to do that. So again, because that would kick in all these incentives.
So, so that's, that's a, that's a extremely concerning thing. And, and another thing is you're absolutely right about government.
Governor Hochl trying to get these quarantine camps going because the emergency is not over.
We, we, we, the public health emergency is not over. It's not illegally not over. You know, Biden made that announcement that was national emergency that he ended the public health emergency the HHS one is still on.
And they have rewritten it in a set in such a way to say that not just the scary scary virus, but the potential for scary scary virus. So now they change the language saying that any we have now permanent state of emergency because there's a potential for scary
scary virus. Well, you know what, there's potential for asteroid heat in the earth. And for the purpose, we need to be in a permanent state of emergency and give our government all these enormous powers, suspend the constitution forever.
And have them do whatever they please, they want to do with this with these hospital kill protocols.
That is absolutely terrifying and chilling. And we know they're trying it again. I mean, we are, we are moving into all of the calls for the masking and the lockdowns and universities and businesses. Luckily, there's been a lot of pushback Sasha.
A lot more pushback than there was in 2020. But this is by no means over. And on a side note, I want to invite all of you and make sure that you are, you are, you have it in your calendars next Wednesday on the 13th.
And that is September 13th, Bobby and Cox is going to be in Rochester, New York. Isn't it a weird how this all happens in Rochester, New York? I marvel at this.
She is defending her win in front of an appeals panel at 50 East Avenue Avenue in the city of Rochester, New York, as Kathy Holkel and her goons seek to, to make permanent the regulations establishing concentration camps in New York.
They're fighting like hell. This is why you all need to be there. Take the day off of work. Cancel school for your kids. It's a civic lesson. They, they need to learn this. We need to turn out hundreds upon hundreds of people to show the state and that appeals court and Kathy Holkel and any of these lawmakers.
We're not going to stand for this, that these, these concentration camps will not stand in New York state. And as we know from our good friend, Mary Holland over at the Children's Health Defense, if they take the coasts, they take the country. That's why they are doing this in California.
It's why they are doing this in New York.
Did she just plug Mary Holland of CHD? That was a bit strange to me.
Mary Holland of, of CHD just got a plug from Shannon in the middle of a Sajalatopova stream about taking the coasts in the election or something. I don't know what about mandates or something like that.
That was a bit out of left field for me. Wow. Interesting.
They're not letting go of it. In Sasha, you are ringing the alarm bell on this. What are your thoughts in terms? I mean, this, this is this.
The acclimation of a society.
Wasn't really right on killing inside hospitals. Tragically is not new. We saw this. We saw this in Germany in the years.
They were not preceding the Holocaust in World War II. They were killing people systemically, legally in hospitals with the T4 action. And they were doing it for many years. Correct?
Yes. People forget that the actual concentration camps did not start for nine years after the Nazis were in power. Right. So for nine years, they were moving people toward normalizing this idea that the hospital.
The hospital can do whatever they want with you that they like, like they were practicing with these protocols. So that's the reason why they keep this sort of warm operational base going of these practices because that's how you scale anything.
You have to have a base where you've ironed out all the kings and then you go big scale because that's now you have the, you know, you can transfer this knowledge on a large scale.
And that's what they're ironing out over these past few years and then also normalizing the idea and giving everybody a moral sort of out to stand back and say, oh, well, no, that's that's public house.
We're all in it together, you know, stop the spread, stay home for two weeks, all these BS slogans that they're telling you to give up your rights to look the other way, sing louder in churches.
Forget what we're doing here on the COVID war that's all locked up.
And we're gonna tell you anyway.
And, and just be silent and quiet because it's for your safety and save grandma. Well, you know what they just tried to kill grandma.
And, you know, so, so, so that's what people need to understand. It's not over.
That you cannot comply your way into freedom. Okay. That's not just go. It's not going to happen. All you doing is you building yourself a prison and your children a prison.
Yeah. So that's why we have to be more vocal and stop and resist and absolutely go to that hearing and show them that you're not going to put up with this BS.
Yeah, nine a.m. 50 East Avenue next Wednesday, September 13.
We're hosting a fundraiser for Bobby and Cox on Tuesday, the day before at Paneveno on the river. I want to invite you guys to that as well.
Five to seven p.m. where we will, we will gear up, but this is, this is of utmost importance, importance, especially Sasha. Oh, and by the way, killing hospitals of the third break.
And if you want to watch an excellent documentary, I think it was BBC potentially or another documentary company that detailed the killing hospitals of the third right and how they normalized and even, even
how they realized the systemic killing of these individuals saying that it was, it was good for humanity. It was, it was to achieve the cleaner race.
It was to rid Germans of these pesky pesky genetic disorders with a thought were genetic disorders. I'm very chilling, chilling justification.
Remember, it was primarily medical doctors that were prosecuted at Nuremberg wasn't military officials and, you know, or there were fewer of those. It was primarily in the hospitals.
It's a, it's a nesticized way of killing that, that is, is truly chilling Sasha, absolutely chilling and we have to understand that we are nowhere near out of this.
What are you thinking? I mean, we are moving into a political season, you know, where we have the two front running candidates, you know, Joe Biden and Donald Trump, the authors of our demise, the authors of the lockdown and, and the deployment of
the warps feed and the, the, the COVID-19 killer vaccines. How important is it in your estimation that people get involved in this political process and make sure that these candidates are forced to talk about these issues or do you think that's
not even possible.
I don't think either of these two will talk about these issues. I mean, that's very, very clear. Well, Biden, of course not.
If people had any last shred of hope that Trump would admit that this was a problem to forget it after the Tucker Carlson interview, which was complete softballing. I mean, like seriously, that was such a propaganda piece.
So are we pivoting to Tucker Carlson and Glenn Beck before we're ever going to go back to the dose thing to the batch problem? Like, wouldn't the batch thing fit right in here because they rushed it and.
And what I thought she had a whole like story about why this was so important and that why wouldn't we be looking into it in America as well and why wouldn't it matter for the booster and why isn't it part of this killing machine.
And it's just such a weird thing to leave out for a whole hour.
And now we're talking about Tucker Carlson and Glenn Beck and the political ramifications of not talking about what the protocols or the shot or the batches or the.
Or the DOD's role in the distribution of of killing wards.
I'm just I'm absolutely befuddled because you would hope that somebody that's been in as long as Sasha with such an interesting message for so long about how these batches are showing a different trend.
And why that might be the best evidence for malfeasance, the best evidence for fraud.
In order to overcome what happened and, you know, get some compensation for these people, we're talking about somebody who didn't even die didn't even get remdesivir as she said because they tried to sneak it in by lucky for us.
We caught him.
And now they're talking about Tucker Carlson and Glenn Beck.
And Glenn Beck, like anyone, you saw it had a shred of journalistic integrity, forget it. So, and, and Trump obviously is absolutely lying and, and, and him and Biden did exactly the same thing, exactly the same agenda.
One started one finished.
And now is one, you know, they're trying to create this whole hoopla of presidential election over here to distract everyone from what.
And that's what we need to focus on those things, the local, the state, what they're trying to do, what they're trying to push through.
Now, another thing that's ongoing is people need to be aware is all these WHO IHR amendments. So they're trying to sign away our, so whatever they have done, they already broke every law and constitution on this issue now they're just trying to legitimize it and put it into actual law.
Because right now, past three years, it was only guidelines. Nobody forced you. Now they're saying, oh, nobody forced you to vaccinate, right?
It was only guidelines. But now they want to make it a law. And so they're working on the IHR amendments to sign away our freedoms. Biden is going to sign them.
And in the state legislatures, I know several have been participant of the preparation meetings.
They're trying to organize these listening sessions. What, you know, let's get together and discuss what was done well during the pandemic measurements and what wasn't so well and how can we make more pandemic preparedness, more bio defense, more resilience.
So see what they're doing. They're selling everyone. What was done was totally great. It was legitimate. It had complete legitimacy.
We had to suspend your rights and throw everything into the trash. But now we're just going to tweak it a little bit. So that's what they're trying to know.
Again, that can't be a Zionist tool. Glenn Beck had all of Charles Rixie's time frame about gain of function on his show on three big whiteboards.
How can Glenn Beck be a bad guy? He shared the entire gain of function Scooby new narrative on an elaborate three hour show.
The key to the castle from Charles Rixie's own tutelage and didn't give Charles credit for it.
I mean, I know Charles is really mad at me because he likes to be mad at me for something he did and Kevin did.
But this Glenn Beck, it's like he's almost forgotten that Glenn Beck totally stole his entire narrative, made a whole show about it and then pretended like he figured it out all himself.
It's also really weird that when the diffuse proposal was released by Veritas, Veritas didn't credit Charles Rixie and drastic for their three month long discussion about the report before they decided to release a PDF analysis of it.
That also Veritas didn't seem to notice or care about. So it's almost like the diffuse proposal got released twice once by Charles Rixie and a bunch of foreigners that are actually mostly anonymous on Twitter.
Sounds real patriotic. And Veritas, which, you know, you can call them really breaking news or you could call them kind of fake news.
And if you look at the Pfizer video and that whole debacle, it's hard to take Veritas seriously.
So again, the diffuse proposal was released by a Marine who had it for two months or something like that and decided to do an analysis with a bunch of anonymous people on the Internet on Twitter, who mostly are international non-Americans.
And an organization called Veritas that never acknowledged that Charles Rixie was also involved in the release of the document.
It's such a strange story, isn't it? So many twists and turns.
And then to think that Sasha Latopova is promoting George Webb and Robert Malone is promoting George Webb.
And George Webb is promoting Paul Catrell and Paul Catrell and Kevin McCarran and Addy adds, asked me to stream with them five times in March, April and May, when I was saying that natural immunity is superior and that I'm not sure what we're talking about here,
but we better be careful before we lock down and close everything down and go crazy when we don't even know what we're talking about yet.
Caution, slow, relax, and they were saying, freak out, worst case scenario, red dragon event.
They're all connected. These people are all connected somehow. I don't know how or how.
But these are not kurinky dinks.
I only have 2,700 followers on Twitch. There's no reason for somebody in Japan to spend three years following my work, especially when my biology has just been immunology and anti-transfection.
It hasn't been crazy and pointing out that when they make coronaviruses, most of the time they make clones.
And so the moment I started talking about that was the moment that everybody lost their minds.
And now they're trying to twist it around again, but it's all the same people, all the same people.
And it comes right back to this here because why aren't we talking about batches and why are we talking about protocols?
Because it's all the same screwballs, all the same weird stories, not being forthright. It's bizarre old.
To orchestrate this whole like, oh, you know, there's this democratic process, but then they're going to turn around and sign whatever they were going to sign anyway.
So that's what people need to focus on your local legislator, your even county commission, your sheriff.
But these quarantine laws, that's what we need to focus on. Yeah, right now that presidential election stuff, both of those candidates are going to do exactly the same thing I guarantee you.
Yes, I tend to agree with you there that local I always say the way to battle globalism or the global globalist encroachment is to defeat them at the point of implementation.
So they can have all the nasty plans in the world. They can come up with the worst laws and the worst plans. But if they hit a brick wall at the local level where where the sheriff's the county health commissioners, the local legislators refuse to enact them or refuse to, you know, abide by those
regulations or illegal unconstitutional laws, that's where it can all fall apart and that's where every American can get involved.
And I think the danger Sasha is that we take our eye off of that local organization and the sharing of information across counties from California to Florida to New York State about local resistance.
And we become distracted by the clown show, the bread and the circuses that are provided by the two party political system. And, and tragically the majority majority of what I call con ink, which is conservative ink, which is the media apparatus
that ink it's all about the rest and, you know, selling of the merch and the buttons and the shot glasses and it's just this money money grubbing machine.
They have no intention of whether it's because they're stupid or corrupt or a little bit of both I don't know.
But we've got to get ourselves out of that that cycle right.
Exactly, exactly.
The local action.
Well, when we come back this is, this is, this is chilling but it's also a wake up call Sasha a lot of popa this is why we love you. This is why we send everyone to your sub stack.
Due diligence and art is Sasha a lot of popa's sub stack, you can find her on Twitter her handle is at Sasha underscore a lot of popa when we come back we're going to talk about University of Rochester.
And then the Highland hospital is where Sasha uncovered the, the very real COVID-19 kill protocol she saw it in action. But this isn't the first time that you are MC has been involved in human experimentation and they are to this day, continuing to be involved in some
really terrible stuff, a lab right here in Rochester, New York, studying the S V 40 right the S V 40 yes, which is, which is utterly insane essentially.
Gain a function reason. I'm going to let you explain it because I'm going to angle it and you're much better with this at this stuff than I am. But this is, you know, you found out about, you know, in your research of you are, you are MC trying to save your loved one and figure out what was going on there.
I'm a lab run by a man named Dr Dean. I'm openly admitting that there they are researching and using S V 40, which is the semi and virus 40 to hack human cells, which is, which is essentially, and I'm going to let you explain it when we come back but essentially
gain a function research happening using human beings unwittingly. We don't even, you know, it's the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccine and the injection of S V 40 inches. Many Americans as possible is now contributing to this very wicked gain a function research that you think might be going on.
It's crazy. We come back. I know I've mangled it. You can explain it back.
When we come back right here on the Shannon Joy show.
Next up can enjoy school in of our goal are over here and save your loved one, which thankfully let's give the audience a quick update.
You know, this just this all just happened in the past two weeks, but how is your relative doing now?
Oh, she's she's doing much better. She's at home and even started exercising. So it's, it's good. And we're, we're, we're very grateful.
And, you know, very happy that we had a happy ending. Yeah, you were worried that you weren't going to be able to get her out.
Yes, I was concerned about that because that was the case before, you know, at the beginning in 2020 people, they would be just kidnapped and I know several attorneys could not get their clients out.
And, you know, their tragic attorney taught calendar. I talked to the client who the hospital, hospital attorneys told him point blank, your client where you're not going to get your client out.
Your client is going to die here. And what happened? And when the body was released, he was starved to death. It was a grown man. And he was something like 80 pounds.
So it's, it's extremely tragic what was happening. And knowing these stories, I was terrified and I was trying to get her out.
And we were succeed successful. And, but that's why I want people to be aware of.
So you were right. You were right, Mark. She didn't lose anybody. So the title of the protocol, I witnessed a count of the remdesivir kill protocol is not a good title.
Because again, we're talking to somebody who didn't actually lose anything. She almost did. You know, like people who got sick in 2020. Well, I almost died from COVID. It was real bad.
And be prepared for. So that's why, and that's why I'm telling nobody's denying the protocol exists. Go buzzkill. Stop being such a clown.
The point is, is that the protocols were there to talk about in 2020. And people like Kevin McCarran were talking only about a virus. Even when I was talking about the protocols to his face.
That's what we're talking about.
I was saying on those streams with Paul Catrell and, and Kevin McCarran, that they were ventilating people that needed didn't need ventilating.
That they were mistreating people instead of how they should be treated. And they weren't listening to doctors who were having success.
And those guys would have nothing of it. It was a worst case scenario, red dragon event.
And we should sit home and make masks because you never know. We might need to lock down for 60 days of we, we have to smash the curve.
I'm sorry, but these, these people are posers. And as I've said right here in the chat, Charles is, is a liar about what happened with him and children's health defense.
And this spirals all from there because as long as they're willing to lie about that, that all the rest of their story, you know, sounds like some kind of, you know, this guy said that guy said this.
The bottom line is is that some people are liars and some people tell the truth. And it's unfortunate, but as painful as it is, I have been telling the truth as much as I can without giving away details that are personal or details that are
somehow legally, probably not worth sharing. But there is no doubt. There is no doubt that he was legitimately let go because he was working on a book.
And there was an agreement about working on that book that you don't show anybody else. And it appeared as though he was showing someone else who wasn't just some random person, but someone who had been streaming about the worst case scenario.
And about the Jews. And about everything else, non politically correct, including the fact that Robert F Kennedy Jr was on, is on Epstein's network and an
and so yeah, association with Kevin McCarran sometimes isn't the best, which is part of the reason why I think he had me and Mark Gulak on his website for so long, so that people associate us with him, which is the same reason why George Webb
associates himself with people to dilute their impact to twist their impact or their findings or their message.
And to associate himself with you so that everybody that discounts George Webb automatically discounts Mark, you satanic.
And no matter what Mark does now, he's always going to be associated with George Webb and as long as George Webb is still clowning, Mark is going to have an anchor tied to his to his ankle.
And in reality, I think that's what someone who pretends to be, you know, professional when it's time to be professional, but then goes on stream for three hours and is entirely unprofessional.
Pushing every normal person who might find him away is doing it for a reason. He's doing it because his job is to do that.
He's not trying to save the world by using racial slurs.
He's trying to create something that can be attached to other people and cause them to be discredited, dragging other people down.
And it's really how this machine works that everybody is absorbing the narratives.
That's what George Webb was probably doing for four years, absorbing Mark's work.
Have you ever seen Kevin McCarron use Mark's website as a backdrop for a discussion?
Because Mark's website is so great and he's got all of these biographies wicked out for everybody to work on?
Has Kevin ever done that to promote his friend Mark? Of course not.
As Charles Rixie ever said anything like that about Mark, you know, I've got all these papers and I've read all these papers, but Mark's website is the best catalog of the people involved in this that I've ever seen.
And Mark's work is so important. Have they said that? No.
Instead, they make fun of Mark now because Mark's associated with me.
Even though Mark's work stands on its own for four years, his website stands on its own.
The last time they talked about Mark, they made fun of him.
And I think they even made fun of him for, you know, whining or taking sympathy for his wife having lives or his family having lives and his son dying of COVID protocols or opiate overdose.
Those are the kinds of people that are Commander McCoon in the chat.
People that act like that.
These are the kinds of gentlemen that want to have a debate with me and that you're fighting for and getting excited about.
You see, these are all the kinds of destroying people that we have left.
The only ones that are left.
That's how close we are to actually penetrating this barrier of whatever you want to call it, fifth generation warfare, just nonsense.
We're really close to breaking through the nonsense.
And there aren't very many people who aren't part of the nonsense for one reason or another.
But we're still not talking about the batch problem, even though the batch problem was the biggest story of 2021. We're not talking about it at all.
It's extraordinary. Sorry.
Yeah, you know your rights and be there again, take care of your bodies, make sure that you're taking your supplements that you're getting your vitamin D every day and you're seeing you guys know, you know, I'm an evangelist for all of this.
Anything you can possibly do, lose the way to get off the alcohol, get off whatever it is you need to get off, keep your body healthy, because you do not, you do not want to go into these systems right now, even though there are still good people in them.
So much of these systems has been corrupted. And so we need to go in with eyes wide open and, you know, look at these hospital systems. You mentioned, Sasha, that it is, it's not every hospital system.
There are certain systems that are very closely aligned and tethered to government funding, federal funding, NIH funding, and a lot of these healthcare systems, you are MC, you suspect is one of those, but how many do you think across the country are not only engaging
these kill protocols in these military operations, but also we're going to talk about this gain a function research and this Dr Dean in his lab using SV 40 which is found in the cobit 19 vaccines, right, to investigate, you know, attacking human cells.
How many do you think are are in existence in the US.
So there are many. I can't tell you exact number, but definitely hundreds. There are hospitals, exactly. So hospitals range, it's very curious.
COVID illness is a very curious illness because you die in the hospital, depending on which hospital you're in.
And closely they follow this hospital, COVID protocol, the death rate from COVID in hospital ranges from less than 10% to 70%.
Wow. So you're saying that hospitals that are not tethered to the government funding or doing the cobit 19 protocol have a death rate of around 10%.
And see, that's a really big accusation that somebody like John Bodeman would be able to chase down in a heartbeat.
That somebody like, well, any of these people, Jessica Hawke could chase that down in a heartbeat. If that's true, then we should be able to look at hospitals and we should just be able to see protocol differences.
We should be able to see success rates.
And those pro those hospitals should have wards.
And those wards should be manned by people that weren't supposed to be there by extra nurses or people that came in specifically with homeland security.
And so these accusations, if they're real, we got to act on them now. We got to document this now so that these are not rumors so that they are real.
And so again, it's like, sometimes it feels like, wow, are we really saying this? If we're saying this, then we've got to act.
And then on the other hand, we go back to Tucker Carlson and Glenn Beck.
It's a bizarre video because I don't really get it. I don't, I just.
I want to know what Sasha's role in this. I want everybody to be a good guy.
But the trouble is, is that Sasha came forward at a very weird time.
And she came forward maybe to absorb Craig part of Cooper's role in this.
Because where's Craig?
You know, why aren't we still talking to him?
It's just again, just odd to me that we're really talking entire hour about the protocols.
We can all agree that the protocols were bad. A lot of us have been agreeing that the protocols were the majority of the deaths.
Unlike Prometheus shrugged, a.k.a. Charles Rixi, I was never convinced that a million people were killed by COVID in America.
I've never said that out loud. I've never written a sub stack about the million people that were killed by COVID in America.
Because I'm pretty sure a million people weren't killed by COVID.
And that's the problem that I have with some of the people who are so certain that they've been right for so long.
And then they're waving the diffuse proposal around as if that's part of the reason why they're right.
It's just not, it's not congruent with reality.
What's congruent with reality is, is that you were certain a million people were going to die before a million people were killed.
And then when a million people were killed, you were certain they were killed by the virus even though there was plenty of reason to know that they weren't.
And that certainty led to people being uncertain about whether they should take the shot or not.
And that led to a lot more people taking the shot than would have otherwise taken it.
Had Kevin McCann and Paul Catrell and George Webb and Sasha Latipova and Robert Malone come forward in 2020 already and said, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this is a little crazy.
Like Knute Wieckowski did, and like Mike Eden did, and like Wolfgang Woda did, like, like Pierre Corey did, and like, like Peter McCullough did.
That's the problem that I have. You're posing as though you have this impeccable track record.
When your impeccable track record is you haven't changed your mind since the very beginning. You've been convinced this was a worst case scenario from the very beginning, and you haven't really pivoted from it.
Now it's the worst case scenario plus the vaccine.
And the reason why you have to stay that way is because then you're not admitting that you are actually encouraged, encouraged to encourage that perspective.
You believe that you guys had to be encouraged to push that perspective because you were too certain about it.
And you've remained too certain about it. You've remained too ugly about it.
And it's really the video evidence is there in your own record.
And people that I've watched you know, it's just, it's just disingenuous stream after disingenuous stream, trying more to attack me than to push people out of this narrative to let them escape from the control of this mythology.
And that's what I think Sasha is doing here now with this video. I think what she's doing is making it very hard for people to escape because she's still not saying anything about whether there was a reason for these protocols or the protocols just wrong.
And she hasn't talked about the batches so apparently the shot is not a concern today, but maybe next stream.
And so I find it frustrating all the time that people are coming on is just like that.
That that conference that they did with Vay John health.
Where you have a whole hour about the lipid nanoparticle and nothing else. And then a whole hour about censorship and then nothing else.
And then a whole hour about I don't know really what he did, but he kind of talked a little bit about amyloid and a little bit about prion protein, but not in a very satisfactory way.
And that's also another kind of frustrating thing right he's supposed to have been a guy who had his own lab in Korea.
And so he ought to know how to give an hour long talk. And then he's given an hour long talk in front of an international conference and did you learn anything from Charles is one hour.
Did you learn anything from Christine Grace's hour when she put a slide deck up that she didn't even read and just kind of flash through slides full of text.
Did you learn anything from Kevin's presentation about about amyloidosis and and and prion disease.
And that's that's their presentation. That was it because the rest of the time they're doing three hour streams with two little things in the corner and some irrelevant figure on there talking about how Jay is is having a weeds viral.
Well, while Kevin sits in vapes the entire time clouds, you know, it's just a bizarre world we're in right now ladies and gentlemen is a bizarre bizarre bizarre world.
And I am I am befuddled at the extent to which these these human beings are pushing this narrative still this narrative where it's consensus.
Listen to this.
I'm not even going to play it, but I played this before because when we're talking about is an illusion of consensus when these people talk on the TV about how we're talking about a lab leak or a natural virus that give you this illusion that this is the battle.
This is the talk. This is the discussion.
And this is the discussion that keeps you distracted from saying no from being totally no we're not going to do this anymore. There's going to be non compliance.
And we're not going to let these laws stand in America. We need to change the prep act. We need to actually get it struck by taking a court case through regular state court getting a thrown out into federal court and appealing on the basis of the seventh amendment.
And I don't know why we're not putting money into doing that. But for some reason, the VICP and the CICP are the two courts of choice still for the decision of vaccine courts. And that's a problem because we're never going to strike the prep act unless we hit it with the seventh amendment.
That's the way out in America, or at least that's one way out in America. Another way out would be to elect people to change the prep act, which is probably a much, much, much crazier task.
But this illusion of consensus isn't going to go away until we stop listening to people who are sustaining it.
And so it's very possible that Charles Ricksy and Kevin McCann are just people trying very hard and are just for some reason or another really upset with me and don't really like me.
And so then they don't behave very, very reasonable when it comes to me. And so then I'm also not reacting very reasonably to their critiques of me.
The bottom line is is that I don't feel like they've addressed this, the biology that matters. And I think more importantly, they keep tripling down on the mythology.
They keep tripling down on the mythology of a novel virus that killed a million people in America.
They keep doubling down on the idea that it was a gain of function virus. I've heard, I've heard Charles Ricksy say that the fear and cleavage site is the reason why the virus was able to be so transmissible.
And so the transmissibility of an RNA virus is dependent on four additional amino acids that add a fear and cleavage site to it.
And somehow that makes an RNA coronavirus able to travel the world in a way that a coronavirus couldn't when it didn't have those four amino acids.
And this is coming from someone who's not a biologist, but somebody who's read 4,000 papers in three years and so effectively has become a biologist.
That's what we're to believe. And then the diffuse proposal just serendipitously is a grant proposal written by EcoHealth Alliance where they propose to insert fear and cleavage sites into bat viruses
and then test them even though they know that a fear and cleavage site could result in wild expansion of the virus's capability to transmit from person to person.
Even though they have no molecular basis for that because the spike protein isn't involved in proofreading or something.
The spike protein isn't involved in high fidelity RNA copying of the full genome.
It doesn't stop spontaneous recombination of genomic recopying during the infectious cycle.
It's just four amino acids that allow the spike protein to be cleaved in another place than it was already cleavable.
Allowing the S1 protein, I think, to furloughed free.
And somehow that makes it more infectious from person to person to person to person to person.
But where's the fear and cleavage site now?
Where's the DC site now in the highly mutated Omicron variants?
Why aren't we doing detailed analysis of that?
Because it's not a genuine analysis of this.
Because we're not trying to do a genuine analysis of this or they would be talking about all of these frauds every day.
But instead we focus exclusively on the spike protein, exclusively on amyloidogenesis or prion disease.
Where are the prions?
Where is the crowds felt yachob disease?
Where are all these people?
Where is all these amyloids that are there?
And how do we differentiate them from people who had amyloids in their head before the pandemic, but we never detected them?
How do we differentiate from all the other causes of amyloidosis and this one?
When there's so much asymptomatic spread, we never know how many people had the virus.
And so it's all part of the same narrative that they're just spinning their wheels.
They don't realize that, or I think they have to realize already, that the biology doesn't support this.
The only way to explain what is on this graph right here is the protocols.
The changing of the protocols drastically in New York City is what's responsible for this.
The changing of the protocols around the United States and the scaring of doctors is what's responsible for this.
And blaming normal people dying on the COVID virus because they tested positive for a PCR.
And all of those confounding variables are ignored by Kevin McCarron and Charles Rixi every time they say that a million people in America died of COVID.
All the increase in opioid deaths that have been rolled into COVID, they're all ignored.
All of the heart attacks that were do not resuscitate orders enrolled into COVID are ignored.
That's how that works.
Because otherwise you have to admit that, well, not very many people died of the virus or the clone or whatever it was,
even if it's found everywhere.
It's not really responsible for killing everybody.
It's the other dumb stuff that's responsible for killing everybody.
And it's the shot, which is what I spent the last part of 2020 trying to warn everybody about and getting blocked by everyone.
Because I was saying, transfection won't work like that.
And so yeah, I think that a natural virus can't do this, but I think a clone could.
And I think if they used a clone, then you can definitely call that a bioweapon.
But part of that bioweapon was lying about spread.
And that bioweapon wouldn't need to go or be spread very far and that bioweapon could have been something different.
They could have used clones for the three people that they sequenced and they could have used something for everybody else for respiratory disease.
I don't know.
It's a crime.
But I do know that a natural virus in a little vial can't cause a pandemic.
And I think that since I started saying that, that's when everybody lost their minds.
That's when Mary, the virus lady showed up in Panda.
That's when Jennifer, the virus lady showed up in Panda.
That's when all of these people really started to get smoking their eyes and really get annoyed.
Was when I started saying that clones are the only way that this sequence could have been seeded all over the world.
If you're going to have the same sequence everywhere, it's not a virus spreading, it is a clone being seeded.
And that's why I keep playing Dr. Giordano.
The only difference is, is that if you're a terrorist group, then you call up and you say,
oh yeah, we're responsible.
But if you're a state actor, then you don't call up the press and you say,
yeah, this is the United States government.
We're responsible for releasing the clone in Wuhan.
You know what you do?
You leak a document and you cover up emails that actually you don't cover up.
You leak.
And you know what else you do?
You leak slack messages and you slow leak FOIA requests that all seem to indicate
that the government was covering up their culpability to the virus.
Oh my gosh, there's even a diffuse proposal that shows they were asking for money
to make viruses with fear and cleavage sites.
And so while the stunt that Giordano explains is a stunt of a non-state actor
and how a non-state actor might just raise their hand and say, yeah, we did it.
And then use the internet to provide the scare tactics that make the country fall apart.
If a state actor was going to do this or a non-state actor wanted to blame it
on the United States, then maybe that non-state actor would get a bunch of
insiders in America and our outside of America to make it look like there was a cover up.
And then maybe they would leak a few emails and maybe they would do some show in front
of Congress where a senator or a representative would yell at a NIH guy and they would say
that you're lying about getting a function a few times.
And then they would release some emails and some slacks and then, oh, a grant proposal
that says exactly fear and cleavage sites and bad caves and vaccines.
And so if there was an intelligence operation designed to scare you
into believing something happened that didn't happen, maybe that's what happened
on 9-11 that the buildings fell and that there were airplanes, but how it happened
does not really how it happened.
Maybe that's what happened with the COVID thing.
Maybe how they said it happened isn't what happened.
And the people in 2020 who were sure that it was happening exactly as they said it was happening
or sure that they were covering up exactly what they were covering up.
Maybe they were wittingly or unwittingly involved in this narrative in this performance.
It led to a lot of us including myself not knowing what the hell was going on in 2020
and being real confused because there was this consensus over there that this has to be a lab leak
and maybe we're all going to die and there's this consensus over there that says it's natural
and it'll be fine and there's these people in New Zealand that say there's no virus at all.
I think we were misled.
I think we have been misled by many people about the potential for pandemics in coronavirus
and I think they misled us into believing that something was released or you know spreading
and that it was out of control and there was this natural phenomenon that was burning around the world
and maybe it was a gain of function enhanced phenomenon.
And I think that we're missing this big picture part that if there was a background signal
that the PCR couldn't differentiate from, then you wouldn't need a big real signal in order for the pandemic
to appear to be happening.
And so if there was a clone released in a few places in the world and a few hundred people got sick
and potentially all with the same RNA clone so that if they were sequenced
that sequence would be consistent across patients and even across continents
then with a conflated background signal of other coronaviruses, a conflated background signal
of RNA dependent RNA polymerase and end protein, then with very few real cases seeded by a clone
and real sequences and real PCR examples, you could pretend there was a pandemic coordinated
with trained people in the government that had done crimson contagion and clayed eggs
and Atlantic storm and event 201 would be ready to accept the idea that this test indicates the spread.
These sequences indicate that they're spread.
I say we pull the trigger.
Let's inactivate the plan.
Time to activate the plan.
And then as the plan is activated, you just need a few people here in the air to make sure that nobody has any doubt.
Make sure that you contact some podcasters, maybe get Allison Morrow to start podcasting
and make sure that Brett Weinstein and Sam Harris are there to say that anti-vaxxers are intolerable.
Make sure that Brett Weinstein goes along with the bushmeat idea and maybe he wears a mask.
Make sure that you contact Brett Weinstein and tell him that this is serious and that we need his help
to make sure that people take it seriously.
Make sure you contact all those late night hosts.
Maybe tell all the people on Hollywood sets that this is a really big deal and we've got a special shot for you.
And so we're going to give it to you early.
You just don't speak out about this.
There was an orchestrated campaign in 2019 to prepare us for the transition into 2020
that included getting podcasters and social media influencers in positions so that they could control the narrative,
so that their reaction would be seen by more people and induce an illusion of consensus that would include a lab leak
or a natural viral debate.
When in reality it could have been an endemic background.
It doesn't matter the protocols in transfection or not medicine.
It could be an infectious clone release.
It still doesn't matter because the protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine.
It could have been a transfection release where they transfected people with the spike protein
and the spike protein itself could cause a lot of these tertiary effects.
And the transfection of a spike protein could result in amyloidosis and prion disease
because of protein misfolding or because of the proper folding of a pre antigenic protein.
All possible in the transfection release scenario and it has nothing to do with a spreading laboratory virus.
And the protocols then are murder and transfection remains not medicine.
It's a conflated background signal. It doesn't matter what it is.
That's the best way to explain the molecular biology that we saw.
It's the best way to explain the way the protocols played into this.
And it's the best way to explain Jessica Hawkins and Jonathan Engels,
Jonathan Engler's observations about Italy
and Denny Rankor's observations about the shot roll out around the world.
Protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine.
And so we wholeheartedly agree that the no virus position has been a distraction for a very, very long time.
But understanding how it's a distraction and why it's such a seductive one is not as easy as people have portrayed it to be.
But you can dismiss them and say the protocols of murder and transfection is a medicine because that's really the truth.
And that's the truth that we are saying and going to continue to say it's not obfuscating anything else.
It's not overlooking anything else. It's saying that the details don't matter if you get here.
Because then you realize that first and foremost they lied to us.
And that's the point that Mr. Sparkle, Mike Eden makes repeatedly. They lied to us.
And it's not about lying about the lab leak. It's lying about the protocols.
It's lying about the source. It's lying about the danger. It's lying about the potential for pandemics.
It's not the lie about the diffuse proposal. It's not a lie about lab leak. It's not a lie about who funded who.
It's not a lie about who knew what when.
This is a lie that goes back 10 or 15 years before the pandemic because it had to be laid out.
They had to have Ralph Barrack's innocent work on the harmless coronavirus and trying to adapt it for biotechnology
and then build on that to make him the scapegoat.
Not much different than they probably did with Bruce Ivan's back in the day.
Ralph Barrack is no more responsible for this pandemic than she is.
Because in the end, even if they make the best virus, it can't go around the world by itself. RNA doesn't do that.
It has to be made in sufficient quantities. That requires skill. It requires industrial level advancement.
It requires industrial level production. And Enovio is doing it.
And lots of pharmaceutical companies have been able to do recombinant technology and use fermentation to grow massive quantities of DNA for more than a decade now.
And so the difference is, are we telling a story about a gain of function virus that's released from a point in spreading around the world as a natural phenomenon
where RNA has the ability to jump from person to person causing illness and high fidelity moving as a sequence around the world in waves?
Are we telling the truth, which is the only way to get a sequence of that fidelity in that many people around the world is to make an infectious clone and spread it?
That's the only way.
And they wouldn't have had to do very much because with a background signal of coronavirus, with a background signal of PCR positivity, you don't need to risk everything by releasing crazy bioweapons everywhere.
In order to do this, you just need to do what Dr. Giordano said and you see it a few cases and the rest you do with the internet.
The rest you do with the internet, the rest you do with the internet, the rest you do with the internet, the internet and the people on it,
the algorithms in it were able to convince us that of a different way of thinking about respiratory disease that we could actually be completely naive to a new respiratory disease and have no defense to it, that we don't have to think about all cause mortality,
that there are millions of Americans that still don't know the 3 million of us die every year.
They changed the way we think about our immune response to disease by inverting it and making us think only about antibodies.
Instead of T cells and the fact that antigen presenting cells are working their butt off to activate T cells before B cells can ever do anything if they're naive.
And they changed the way we think about immunization, vaccination and immunity because they started from the very beginning telling us about how we had eliminated disease with vaccination throughout our history.
And that vaccination is the greatest thing in modern medicine.
And now we have all these caveats.
Now we have Paul off at saying that no vaccine is perfect.
Now when Bill Gates was on PBS news hour with his lighted table and his little foam models, then vaccines worked perfectly in the past and they're going to work even better now with our new and improved.
M RNA.
And so these changes allowed these very bad things to happen, right?
They ventilated people.
They used remdesivir, medazolam.
They didn't treat secondary pneumonia the way they should.
They shut down schools.
They masked and hurt children and they socially distance family and friends and they destroyed small businesses.
This has been devastating for the poor and middle class.
Myself included.
I don't own my own house.
I had to move out of the house that I was in because I lost my job at Pitt and couldn't get a mortgage to buy a house that I was trying to buy.
And now I'm renting for almost double rent on the south side of Pittsburgh.
And so, yeah, it's great.
The takeover of the American housing market has been great for my family and I'm 52 years old and I'll probably never own a house because that's the way America is going.
And they did this on purpose and they were able to do it because they terrified the crap out of us in 2020.
They terrified the crap out of us in 2020 by making us think it was so bad that we had to shut down schools and give kids iPads for free.
What was before the pandemic screen time was terrible for your children.
Now the pandemic is so bad the potential of pandemic is so bad the screen time is not bad anymore.
My children are now doing a lot of their homework on a laptop because they don't need to write anymore.
All part of the same thing. All part of the same show.
This is not a small time thing. This is for all the marbles.
That's why there are so many people that are willing to lie to your face.
That's why so many people are willing to lie to your face because this is for all the marbles.
And unless you've got skin in the game like a little kid or several of them, you aren't playing.
And so it is so sad.
It is so sad how many people don't realize that they're playing for the wrong team and we've got to try and wake people up.
Because when you're playing this game about trying to figure out the mystery of who did it or what they did,
then you're playing their game.
Because what we need to do is realize that the vast majority of what happened was stupid people behavior driven by stupid protocols,
by stupid leaders making stupid decisions.
And when we call them stupid, we're actually letting them off the hook.
Because of the rehearsals, because from dark winter to clade X to Atlantic storm to Crimson, whatever,
Crimson contagion to event 201, this bureaucracy has been trained for this response, has been drilled for this response,
and then this response was triggered.
The only question is, is do you think they triggered it with a bunch of real bombs?
Or do you think they triggered it with a bunch of fireworks that they told everybody was bombs?
Because in one hand, everybody would be in danger and that would be a random crapshoot as to what would really happen.
And on the other hand, you have complete control.
And when the moment you decide you want to end it, you can just end it.
The moment you want to add a little more pressure, you can just add a little more pressure.
And that's why I'm sure that's what they're doing.
And that's why I'm sure that there are some people who are responsible for seeding this narrative in the very beginning because it was too flawless.
And the people that did come out and speak out like Robert Malone came out conveniently too late.
If you came out in June of 21 and said, I'm not sure if we should be transfecting people, you were too late by like six months, if not more.
Because by then, your voice was not going to get to those college kids who were making the decision right then whether they needed to vaccinate or not because what?
Because people like Richard Ebright were saying that if we open schools in the universities in the fall of 20, we're going to kill 200,000 kids.
If we open universities in 2020, we are going to kill 200,000 people. That's what he said.
And so we didn't open universities.
And when we did, we opened them with crazy protocols and testing and masking.
And we brainwashed those college kids for a year to think that this was okay.
And we tested them for a year, swabbing them weekly.
Why? Because people like Kevin McCairn and George Webb and Paul Catrell and many, many, many others, wittingly or unwittingly, ran with their hair on fire for four months saying that this is certainly going to be a worst case scenario.
And people like Knut with Cowsky and Rob, sorry, Michael Eden and Knut with Cowsky and Wolfgang Wodach were centered and wiped from the Internet.
That's literally what happened.
Mike Eden, Wolfgang Wodach and Knut with Cowsky were censored on the Internet when they said we should open schools in the fall.
We should never close schools. Those people were censored and Brett Weinstein wasn't.
And Sam Harris wasn't and Jordan Peterson wasn't.
I was my YouTube channel with getting strikes all the time.
And then this shot came out.
The reason why they're doing this is because when the population eventually plateaus and goes down, they would already like to have converted our society to a biosurveillance society.
So that they could have your genetic data and all of your personal medical data, personal behavioral data, maybe even your brainwaves for all I know for your entire life.
The more data they can get from you, the better.
And right now, they understand that people of our generation are not going to give that data up and we're not going to let you take it from our kids either.
And so they need to change that over the course of 10 years.
And so they started with the college kids and they're going to keep doing it with the college kids, college kids, college kids until those college kids start having children.
When they start having children, those college kids will be ready to say, hey, maybe we should donate our baby's medical data to all of us.
The program at the NIH that's collecting this data is going to make it better for everybody.
Now, don't worry, the NIH is not going to pay everybody for their medical data like you think they would, but they are going to probably sell it.
They'll probably sell it to every company that wants to buy it and they'll sell a subscription service to it.
And then they'll turn around and use that money to pay those companies to do research, something like that.
But that money will never come back to us, the owners of that data, at least that's not the intention.
And so, yeah, we're here. People are still not playing very nice.
If you want to talk off Twitter, you can talk at gigglehome.bio.
You can also follow me at giggleandbiological.com.
And yeah, I'm really stoked and I'm not stoked.
I'm stoked because we're doing really well and we're making a lot of progress on a lot of fun.
I'm not stoked because I let some people in the chat get to me today, but you know, it's the way it is.
I got to grow and I got to keep growing.
And one of the things I've got to grow out of is this weakness where I have to answer these people who at this point really haven't earned a respectful answer.
So I apologize for letting myself get distracted.
I'll try not try to do better tomorrow.
I will be on tomorrow because I stream every day now.
Thanks very much for joining me.
This has been Giggle and Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Stream brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
Thanks, man.
Transfection is not immunization.
An intramuscular injection is not a means of immunization.
You can't augment an immune system by injecting stuff in your muscle.
It doesn't work like that.
And that's the big picture.
Stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group.
I've been saying this every night, every stream for about two years now.
So my track record speaks for itself and so does Kevin McCairns.
And that's where we'll leave it.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks.
124 people, you know, sometimes it's good to have clowns, you know.
It's a better circus.
Something like that.
I don't know.
Thanks, guys. See you tomorrow.
Thank you.